README.md, before:

Monocle
=======

A simple data capture app using the Kinect, based on [Smithers][smithers].


Features
--------

- Visualization of color, depth, infrared, and skeleton
- Capture a shot at the click of a button
- Compress captured shots into a 7zip archive


Installation
------------

1. Install [Visual Studio Express 2013 Community Edition][vstudio].
2. Install the [Visual Studio Installer Projects Extension][setuppackage].
3. Install the Kinect SDK.
4. Clone the repository and update the submodule.
5. Open and build the solution. The app will automatically install
   all the remaining dependencies.


Contribute
----------

- Issue Tracker: github.com/bodylabs/monocle/issues
- Source Code: github.com/bodylabs/monocle

Pull requests welcome!


Support
-------

If you are having issues, please let us know.
We have a mailing list located at: project@google-groups.com


License
-------

Monocle is licensed under the two-clause BSD license.

Monocle uses 7z.dll, which is part of the 7-Zip program, licensed under the
GNU LGPL license. You can obtain the source code from www.7-zip.org.


[smithers]: https://github.com/bodylabs/smithers
[vstudio]: https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/products/visual-studio-community-vs.aspx
[setuppackage]: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/visualstudio/archive/2014/04/17/visual-studio-installer-projects-extension.aspx

Commit message:

Added capability to extract body index frames. README has been shortened and cleaned.

README.md, after:

Monocle
=======

A simple data capture app using the Kinect, based on [Smithers][smithers].


Features
--------

- Visualization of color, depth, infrared, skeleton, and body index
- Capture a shot at the click of a button
- Compress captured shots into a 7zip archive


Installation
------------

1. Install [Visual Studio 2017 Community Edition][vstudio].
2. Install the [Kinect SDK][kinect].
3. Clone the repository and update the submodule using the following command:
    ```
    git submodule update --init --recursive
    ```
4. Open and build the solution. The app will automatically install
   all the remaining dependencies.


License
-------

Monocle is licensed under the two-clause BSD license.

Monocle uses 7z.dll, which is part of the 7-Zip program, licensed under the
GNU LGPL license. You can obtain the source code from www.7-zip.org.


[smithers]: https://github.com/MPI-IS/smithers
[vstudio]: https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/products/visual-studio-community-vs.aspx
[kinect]: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=44561
